SEG 14-13 marks: 85%
Section A: A-B-C-D question type, 20 total
Section B (answer 8 out of 12 questions, from 21 to 28)
21. What is the User Experience?
Answer: 
User Experience (UX) refers to the overall experience a person has when 
interacting with a product or service, including their perceptions, emotions, and 
responses to it. It encompasses all aspects of the end-user's interaction with a 
company, its services or products, not only the usability and functionality but also 
the sensory and emotional experience it provides.

22. What is mean by Accessibility in interactive design?
Answer: 
Accessibility in interactive design refers to the degree to which an interactive 
product is accessible by as many people as possible, regardless of their abilities or 
disabilities. This can involve designing products with features such as alternative 
text for images, closed captions for videos, or keyboard shortcuts for navigation.

23. What is mean by Usability?
Answer:
Usability in interactive design refers to the degree to which an interactive product
is easy to learn, effective to use, and enjoyable from the user's perspective.
It involves optimizing the interactions people have with interactive products to
enable them to carry out their activities at work, at school, and in their everyday
lives.

24. Usability is broken down into six goals, name them.
Answer:
- Effectiveness: How well the product does what it is supposed to do
- Efficiency: How the product supports users in carrying out their tasks
- Safety: How the product protects users from dangerous or undesirable 
situations
- Utility: How the product provides the right kind of functionality for users’ needs 
or wants
- Learnability: How easy it is to learn how to use the product
- Memorability: How easy it is to remember how to use the product once learned

25. .What are the interactive Design Principles?
Answer:
Design principles are used by interaction designers to aid their thinking when 
designing for the user experience. They are generalizable abstractions intended to 
orient designers towards thinking about different aspects of their designs and not 
intended to specify how to design an actual interface.
The most common interactive design principles include Visibility, Feedback, 
Constraints, Consistency and Affordance.
26. What is conceptualization in interaction design?
Answer:
Conceptualization in interaction design refers to the process of understanding and 
defining the user experience goals and conceptual model of an interactive product 
before committing to a particular interface design. It involves identifying and 
examining the issues related to the user's needs, goals, and tasks, and developing 
a clear understanding of how the product will meet those needs. 

27. What Is Interaction Design?
Answer:
Interaction design is the process of designing interactive products that support 
the way people communicate and interact in their everyday and working lives. It 
involves creating user experiences that enhance and augment the way people 
work, communicate, and interact. 
The goal of interaction design is to optimize the interactions with a system, 
environment, or product, so that they support and extend the users' activities in 
effective, useful, and usable ways.

28. What to design for interactive product?
Answer:
Designing interactive products requires considering who is going to be using them, 
how they are going to be used, and where they are going to be used. 
It’s important to understand the kind of activities people are doing when 
interacting with the products. 

Section C (answer 4 out of 8 questions, from 33 to 36)
33. Name five most common principles of interactive design and explain them.
Answer:
- Visibility: refers to the system visibility to the user. How visible the function of 
the system to the user. 
- Feedback: involves sending back information about what action has been done and 
what has been accomplished, allowing the person to continue with the activity. 
-  Constraints: refers to determining ways of restricting the kinds of user 
interaction that can take place at a given moment. 
- Consistency: refers to designing interfaces to have similar operations and use 
similar elements for achieving similar tasks. In particular, a consistent interface is 
one that follows rules, such as using the same operation to select all objects. 
- Affordance: refer to an attribute of an object that allows people to know how to
use it

34. The core components of the conceptual model 
Answer:
- Metaphors and analogies that convey to people how to understand what a 
product is for and how to use it for an activity (e.g., browsing, bookmarking).
- The concepts that people are exposed to through the product, including the 
task–domain objects they create and manipulate, their attributes, and the
operations that can be performed on them (e.g., saving, revisiting, organizing)
- The relationships between those concepts (e.g., whether one object contains 
another, the relative importance of actions to others, and whether an object 
is part of another).
- The mappings between the concepts and the user experience the product is 
designed to support or invoke (e.g., one can revisit through looking at a list of 
visited sites, most-frequently visited, or saved websites).

35. The four types of interaction
Answer:
- Instructing: where users issue instructions to a system. This can be done in a 
number of ways, including: typing in commands, selecting options from menus in a 
windows environment or on a multitouch screen, speaking aloud commands, 
gesturing, pressing buttons, or using a combination of function keys.2. 
- Conversing: where users have a dialog with a system. Users can speak via an 
interface or type in questions to which the system replies via text or speech 
output.
- Manipulating: where users interact with objects in a virtual or physical space by 
manipulating them (e.g., opening, holding, closing, placing). Users can hone their 
familiar knowledge of how to interact with objects.
-  Exploring: where users move through a virtual environment or a physical space. 
Virtual environments include 3D worlds, and augmented and virtual reality
systems. They enable users to hone their familiar knowledge of physically moving 
around. Physical spaces that use sensor-based technologies include smart rooms 
and ambient environments, also enabling people to capitalize on familiarity.

36. The five sources of inspiration and knowledge that used to inform design and 
guide research are.
Answer:
- Paradigms: a paradigm refers to a general approach that has been adopted by a 
community of researchers and designers for carrying out their work, in terms of 
shared assumptions, concepts, values, and practices.
- Vision: a vision is a future scenario that frames research and development in 
interaction design – often depicted in the form of a film or a narrative.
- Theory: a theory is a well-substantiated explanation of some aspect of a 
phenomenon; for example, the theory of information processing that explains how 
the mind, or some aspect of it, is assumed to work.
- Model - A model is a simplification of some aspect of human–computer interaction 
intended to make it easier for designers to predict and evaluate alternative 
designs.
- Framework - A framework is a set of interrelated concepts and/or a set of 
specific questions that are intended to inform a particular domain area (e.g., 
collaborative learning), online communities, or an analytic method (e.g., ethnographic
studies).
