SEG 16-13 marks: 91%
Section A: A-B-C-D question type, 20 total
Section B (answer 8 out of 12 questions, from 21 to 28)
21. What are the web and website?
Answer: 
The web, also known as the World Wide Web (WWW), is a system of interconnected
documents and resources, accessed via the internet, that allows individuals, organizations, 
and businesses to share information and connect with others. It encompasses all aspects of 
human life, including business, education, entertainment, governance, personal life, health 
and etc. 
A website is a collection of related web pages, images, videos, or other digital assets that are
addressed relative to a common Uniform Resource Locator (URL), often consisting of only the
domain name, or the IP address, and the root path in an Internet Protocol-based network. In
other words, a website is a collection of web pages that are hosted on a server and can be
accessed via the internet using a web browser, such as Chrome, Edge or Safari.

22. The HTML element is used to show a video on a web page. Explain the following:  <video
width = “450” height= “320” control><source src=” animal.mp4” 
</video>
Answer:
This code will display a video player on the web page with the specified dimensions and 
controls, and will play the "animal.mp4" video file when the user clicks the play button:
- The "width" and "height" attributes are used to set the dimensions of the video player on 
the web page. In this case, the width is set to 450 pixels and the height is set to 320 pixels.
- The "controls" attribute adds video controls, such as play, pause, and volume, to the video
player.
- The <source> element specifies the location of the video file to be played. In this case, the 
video file is named "animal.mp4" and is located in the same directory as the HTML file.
- The </video> tag is used to close the <video> element. It will be displayed in browsers that 
do not support the <video> element.

23. What is HTML plug ins? Explain what they are design to do?
Answer:
HTML plug-ins are computer programs that extend the standard functionality of a web 
browser. They are typically installed as separate software components that work in 
conjunction with the web browser to provide additional features and functionality, such as 
running Java applets, displaying Flash movies, displaying maps, scanning for viruses, or 
verifying a bank ID.  

24. What is mean by animation?
Answer: 
Animation is a rapid display of a sequence of images of 2-D artwork or model 
positions in order to create an illusion of movement. It is an optical illusion of motion due to 
the phenomenon of persistence of vision.

25.What is adobe animate? Adobe Animate interface consist of six panels, name them.
Answer: 
Adobe Animate is an authoring tool that allows you to design, animate, add interactivity and 
publish for multiple platforms - including HTML5. Its interface consists of six panels: 
- Stage panel
- Tools panel
- Timeline panel
- Properties panel
- Library panel
- Assets panel

26. What are the functions of tools panel? Tools panel divided into four area name and 
explain them.
Answer:
The tools in the Tools panel let you draw, paint, select, and modify artwork, as well as change
the view of the Stage. The Tools panel in Adobe Animate is divided into four sections: 
- Stage panel: The tools area contains drawing, painting, and selection tools.
- Tools panel: The view area contains tools for zooming and panning in the application 
window.
- Timeline panel: The colors area contains modifiers for stroke and fill colors.
- Properties panel: The options area contains modifiers for the currently selected tool. 
Modifiers affect the tool’s painting or editing operations
27. Name and explain the major components of the Timeline.
Answer: 
The major components of the Timeline are: 
- Layers: Layers in a document are listed in a column on the left side of the Timeline. 
- Frames: Frames contained in each layer appear in a row to the right of the layer name. 
- Timeline Header - The Timeline header at the top of the Timeline indicates frame numbers. 
- Playhead - Playhead indicates the current frame displayed on the Stage. As a document 
plays, the playhead moves from left to right through the Timeline. 
By default, the playhead loops when it reaches the end. The timeline status displayed at the 
bottom of the Timeline indicates the selected frame number, the current frame rate, and the
elapsed time to the current frame.

28. What is mean by frame and keyframe?
Answer:
Frames are segments of time in an animation that dictate movement and determine the 
overall length of the animation. 
Keyframes are frames in Adobe Animate where a new symbol instance appears in the 
Timeline. They can also be frames that include ActionScript code to control some aspect of 
the document.

Section C (answer 4 out of 8 questions: 33, 34, 35, and 38)
33. Explain the following panel in adobe animate: Stage, Timeline, and Property. 
Answer: 
- Stage panel: the rectangular area where you place graphic content when creating Animate
documents. It represents the rectangular space in Flash Player or in a web browser window 
where your document appears during playback. A default black outline represents the outline
view of the stage.
- Timeline panel: organizes and controls a document's content over time in layers and frames.
Like a movie film, Animate documents divide lengths of time into frames. Layers are like
multiple filmstrips stacked on top of one another, each containing a different image that 
appears on the Stage.
- Properties panel: provides easy access to the most commonly used attributes of the current
selection, either on the Stage or in the Timeline. You can modify the object or document 
attributes in the Property inspector without accessing the menus or panels that also control 
these attributes. Depending on what is selected, the Property inspector displays information 
and settings for the current document, text, symbol, shape, bitmap, video, group, frame, or 
tool. When two or more different types of objects are selected, the Property inspector 
displays the total number of objects selected.

34. Adobe Animate provides a modernized Property Inspector with four tabs. Name and
Explain them.
Answer:  
Animate 2020 release provides a modernized Property Inspector with four tabs as Tools, 
Object, Frame and Doc. 
- Tool: Indicates the current tool that is selected. If a tool does not have a valid PI, Doc PI is 
shown, and Tool PI tab is disabled. This tab refers to the properties of the currently selected 
tool. 
- Object: Indicates the current object that is selected on stage. If no object is selected, this tab
is disabled. This tab refers to the properties for the currently selected Object. 
- Frame: Indicates the current frame that is selected in timeline. If no frame is selected, this 
tab is disabled. This tab refers to the properties of the currently selected Frame. 
- Doc - Indicates the current document you are working on. This tab outlines properties 
specific to the currently opened document.

Name and explain four types of animation technique. 
Answer:

38. Explain the following symbol types: Movie clip, Graphic, and Button
Answer: 
- Movie clip symbols are used to create reusable pieces of animation that have their own 
independent timeline. They can contain interactive controls, sounds, and even other movie 
clip instances 3. 
- Graphic symbols are collections of frames used in animations or single frame mode. They
are tied to the timeline of the document in which the symbol is placed. Use graphic symbols 
for static images and to create reusable pieces of animation that are tied to the main 
timeline. Interactive controls and sounds won’t work in a graphic symbol’s animation 
sequence. Graphic symbols add less to the FLA file size than buttons or movie clips because 
they have no timeline
 - Button symbols are used to create interactive buttons that respond to user input. They can 
contain up, over, down, and hit states, and can be used to trigger actions such as playing a 
sound or navigating to a different part of the timeline. Button symbols can also contain movie
clip instances to create animated buttons
